Flex Box Layout

STAGE ONE - THE FLEXBOX ITSELF(The main container)
1. Flex Container
This is parent element that holds all flex items. The CSS display property will have a value of either flex or inline-flex. e.g div{display:flex;}

2. Axes
Each flexbox contains two axes: "The main axis" and "The cross axis" The main axis is the [horizontal] axis on which the items align with each other. The cross axis is the 
[vertical] perpendicular axis.

3. Flex-direction
Establishes the main axis and css property can be: row(default), row-reverse, column, column-reverse.

4. Justify-content
Determines how content gets placed on the main axis on the content line and property values or arguments include: flex-start,flex-end,center,space-between,space-around.

5. Align-items
Determines the default for how the flex items get placed on the cross axis on each line.

6. Align-content
Determines the default for how flex lines(cross/axis lines1 are aligned). values can include: space-between; space-around; stretch(default); center; flex-start; flex-end.

7. Flex-direction
Determines where to start placing flex items within the flex container. i.e in what direction to stack the flex items.

8. Flex-wrap
The flex-wrap property specifies if flex items should wrap or not and values can be either of: wrap; nowrap(default); wrap-reverse.

9. Flex-flow
Flex-flow is a shorthand for the flex-direction and flex-wrap properties. e.g div{flex-flow:row wrap;}

STAGE TWO - THE FLEXBOX ITEMS(Items within the flexbox container)
Any direct element within the flex container is considered a flex item. Direct child elements of the flexible container automatically becomes flexible items.
CONCEPTS:
1. Align-self
Determines how a single item is placed along the cross-axis and overrides the defaults set by align-items property.

2.Order
Changes the order of the flex items, default is 0 but any number may be specified. e.g div.item1{order:2;}

3. flex-grow
Specifies how much a flex item should grow in relation to the rest of the flex items. default is 0 but any number may be specified. e.g div.item1{flex-grow:2;}

3. flex-shrink
Specifies how much a flex item should shrink in relation to the rest of the flex items. default is 1 but any number may be specified. e.g div.item1{flex-shrink:2;}

4.flex-basis
Specifies the initial length of  flex item. values can be specified in px, em, % or other forms.

5.flex
Shorthand for flex-grow; flex-shrink and flex-basis properties e.g div.item1{flex:0 0 200px;}
