JavaScript
A computer program is a list of instructions to be executed by a computer. The instructions are referred to as statement in computer programming.

A JavaScript program is a list of programming statements. The official name for JavaScript is ECMAscript

JavaScript statements are composed of Values, Operators, Expressions, Keywords and Comments.
EXAMPLES
1. var -> Declares a variable
2. break -> Terminates a switch or a loop
3. return -> Exits a function
4. continue -> Jumps out of a loop and begins at the top
5. debugger -> Stops the execution of JavaScript, and calls (if available) the debugging function
6. do...while -> Executes a block of statements, and repeats the block, while a condition is true
7. if...else -> Marks a block of statements to be executed, depending on a condition
8. switch -> Marks a block of statements to be executed, depending on different cases
9. try...catch -> Implements error handling to a block of statements
10. for -> Marks a block of statements to be executed, as long as a condition is true
11. function -> Declares a function


EVENTS
Events are actions or occurrences that happen in the system you are programming, which the system tells you about so you can respond to them in any desired way. For example, if the user clicks a button on a webpage, you may want to respond to that action by displaying an information box. 
EXAMPLES of JS Events
1.onchange -> An HTML element has been changed
2.onclick -> The user clicks an HTML element
3.onmouseover -> The user moves the mouse over an HTML element
4.onmouseout -> The user moves the mouse away from an HTML element
5.onkeydown -> The user pushes a keyboard key
6.onload ->	The browser has finished loading the page
7.onunload -> A users has left a webpage

Event handlers can be used to handle, and verify, user input, user actions, and browser actions:
Example
1. Things that should be done every time a page loads
2. Things that should be done when the page is closed
3. Action that should be performed when a user clicks a button
4. Content that should be verified when a user inputs data
